You stay
What do you mean?
Miss Li, please don't take offense.
This is the rule set by Kameda-san
Anyone who meets him for the first time
You have to cover your eyes.
You don't trust me.
Worried that I would reveal the whereabouts of Taikun Guida
Not afraid of ten thousand
Just in case
Gui Tian talks about relationships
The top agent of our great Russian nation
He was able to stand tall in Nanjing
He is very rigorous in his work
Ok, I'll take it.
Hahaha, that's right, right?
Meet Chief Kameda
This is the final test for Miss Lin
If Miss Lin can be with Chief Kameda
be recognized
That will have a great future
How are you? Are you home?
Luo Jiazuo, sorry
I'm not afraid your son will never come home again
Please get out of the car